c32 translation (#211)
IllusionMods/KKS-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/communication/info_00/communication_32/translation.txt

「あまりジロジロ見るものではないかと思いますが」=“I don't think it's something worth staring all that much at.”
「おかしなところがあればおっしゃってくださいね……」=“If there's anything strange about it, please do let me know, alright?...”
「水に濡れることを想定した格好ですが……何を想像してらっしゃるんです？」=“I'm dressed like this because I was expecting to get wet but... Just what are you imagining?”

> 「どこへ行くのか説明を！　……と、言っても聞かないようですね」=“Tell me where you're going first!E$3 $4ven if I say that, you don't seem to be listening.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「どこへ行くのか説明を！　……と、言っても聞かないようですね」=“Tell me where you're going first! Even if I say that, you don't seem to be listening.”
```

「今なら冗談で済ませられます。ここまでにしておきましょう」=“You can still pass it off as a joke. Let's just leave it at this.”

> 「あなたともっと話がしたいです。……いけませんか？」=“I want to chat with you even more.I$3 $4s it bad of me?”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「あなたともっと話がしたいです。……いけませんか？」=“I want to chat with you even more. Is it bad of me?”
```

「それはもちろん……ああ、いえ、何でもありません」=“Well, of cou--... aah, no, it's nothing.”
「ご冗談を。もう子供じゃないんですから」=“You must be joking. I'm not a child anymore.”
「誰かと付き合った後とかって想像したりする？」=“Do you ever imagine what life'd be like if you started dating someone?”
「まぁ、一応は……あまり恥ずかしいので中身は言えませんが」=“Well, I suppose... It is quite embarrassing so I shall not be telling you the details.”
「いえ、想像できるほどの経験がありませんので……」=“No, I do not have even the requisite experience with love for that...”
「好きなものってつい目で追っちゃうよね」=“It's hard to not chase something with your eyes when you love it, isn't it?”
「そうですね、自然と視線が向かってしまいます」=“Indeed, I cannot help but have my sight be dragged towards it.”
「私は、気づかれない程度に……でしょうか」=“I try to, keep it to an unnoticeable level... myself.”
「……今だけは黙秘権を行使してもよろしいでしょうか」=“...Is it alright if I exercise my right to remain silent for now?”
「どうやったら女の子と一歩進んだ関係になれるんだろう」=“Just how do I take my relationship with a girl one step further?”
「難しい問題ですね……一緒に考えてみましょうか」=“What a difficult question... Let's brainstorm it together.”
「エッチな妄想ってする？」=“Do you have lewd fantasies?”
「いざという時に備えて、イメージトレーニングはしっかりやっていますが、何か？」=“I do mental rehearsals, yes, just-in-case the situation ever arises. What about it?”

> 「妄想なんて、この私がすると？　……なぜそのような疑いの目で見るのです」=“Do you really think I'd have "fantasies"?W$3 $4hat's with those doubt-filled eyes?”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「妄想なんて、この私がすると？　……なぜそのような疑いの目で見るのです」=“Do you really think I'd have "fantasies"? What's with those doubt-filled eyes?”
```

「おしゃべりにも慣れてきたようで、何よりです」=“It seems you've gotten used to chatting with the girls, it's a wonderful thing.”
「どうぞ、ゆっくり考えてからお話し下さい」=“There's no rush, take your time to think before we talk.”
「……あの。私もそこまで暇ではないのですが」=“...Uhm. I don't have that much free time so...”
「お話はもうこの辺で……。理由はお察し下さい」=“Let's end the chat here... Figure out the reason yourself.”
「お互いもっと有意義な時間の使い方をしましょう。それでは」=“We both ought to use our time better. Be seeing you.”
「もう時間ですか……時が経つのは早いですね。では、失礼」=“I'm already out of time, huh... The time sure flew by. Well then, excuse me.”
「あなたにはお聞きしたいことがあったんですが……残念、時間です」=“There's so much stuff I want to talk to you about but... sadly, I'm out of time.”
「すみません、一旦お別れの時間です。では、また」=“I'm sorry, we'll have to part ways here for now. Then, till next time.”
「またお話しましょう、その時を楽しみにしています」=“Let us chat again, I am looking quite forward to it.”
「また今度、時間があるときにゆっくりお話ししましょう」=“Let us chat again at length, when we both have time.”

> 「わかりました。……あの。また話し掛けて下さいね」=“Understood.L$3 $4isten. Call out to me again sometime, alright?”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「わかりました。……あの。また話し掛けて下さいね」=“Understood. Listen. Call out to me again sometime, alright?”
```

「少し胸躍る気分です……私がこんなことを言うのは変ですか？」=“I feel a bit excited... Is it weird for me for me to say that?”
「もう、あなたという人は……。はい、もう帰りますよ」=“Jeez, you're so... Yes, I'm going home now.”
「あなたともっと仲良くなるにはどうしたらいいんでしょうか？　今よりももっと、です」=“What do I need to do to become even closer to you? Even closer than we are now.”

> 「私も人並みには興味があるんですよ？　……皆まで言わせないでください」=“I'm also just as interested in it as everyone else, you know?D$3 $4on't make me say the whole thing.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「私も人並みには興味があるんですよ？　……皆まで言わせないでください」=“I'm also just as interested in it as everyone else, you know? Don't make me say the whole thing.”
```
